So reflective
Is this really something?
Everyone gets married
All he sent was a pair of scissors
How is that possible?
Lu Shanshan
Is there anything else you want to say?
Tarzan, what the hell is going on?
Shut up! Don't you believe me?
Of course I believe
Even if it's a sudden order
Doesn't mean anything.
Oh.
Then explain to me
Why on your big day
Your family will give you a pair of scissors.
Yes, Shanshan
Why is that?
You are all too materialistic.
Home gift
Naturally have their own business
Then tell me what kind of business is there?
It's very simple, my Luo family
I hope my husband will get rid of his worries about the past.
Be good to me wholeheartedly
Yeah, there's nothing wrong with that explanation
It does make sense.
It turned out to be so
Shanshan, sorry.
I almost suspected you just now
Husband, I don't blame you.
Blame this stinky village girl for making trouble
Also provoke our relationship
Wonderful I have to say
As a liar
Eloquence is really great